step1: developpers are writting the code in his local machine by using vs code.
step2: After developping the code,developpers push into his repository.
     
      As soon as Developer push the code into git repository or any scm 
step3: Coming to the Jenkins,Jenkins CI/CD process in two ways
       1.CI -->maven,Nexus Repository  CD ----> Apache Tomcat
       2.by using Docker
CI: continuous intergration is the process of automating the build and testing the code , when developer push the code to version control system(vcs) or SCM

Benefits of CI:
      1) CI is image bug detection
      2) a deployable system at any given point
      3) Record evaluation of the project

 maven is the buid tool used primarly for java projects . when you run a maven build , the maven automatically downloads all the dependancy jar/war into local repository
 then will generate the packages like jar/war is called an artifacts.


that artifact push into nexus repository to stores the artifacts 
 Now the artifacts Deploy into the Apache tomcat server 



By using Docker:

we can write the docker file for base image and copy into the artifacts into target folder location


we can build an image by using dockerfile , that image push into the docker registry(public/private) 





Configure OpenLDAP Multi-Master Replication on Linux
Configure LDAP Logging
Update /etc/hosts
enable the syncprov module.
Generate admin password using slappasswd
Enable Config Replication
Change the olcServerID on all servers.
Set a password for configuration database.
set up the configuration replication on all servers.
Enable Database Replication
Setup replication for hdb database.
while setup repilcation for hdb database facing issue to change the mdb database
facing issue while setup the databse ldap_sasl_binds
configuring the libsasl2-modules-gssapiheimdal


26-07-2022
- Learning the document for GitLab CI/CD process


I need to communicate with developer for dt_case repository because of that facing some errors while build the repository. can you please provide me

 

                      
              	